Add links and screenshots for Licensing component ASB settings (#6733)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/creating-config-file.md

Type: string

![Screenshot showing where the Azure Service Bus namespace name appears when viewing the Service Bus resource in Azure portal](asb-namespace-name.png)

### LicenseComponent/ASB/ClientId

The Client ID (aka Application ID) for an [Azure service principal](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/app-objects-and-service-principals?tabs=browser#service-principal-object) that has access to read metrics data for the Azure Service Bus namespace.

Type: string

Example Client ID from an Azure App Registration:
![Screenshot showing where the Client ID appears in an App Registration](asb-app-service-principal.png)

### LicenseComponent/ASB/ClientSecret

The [client secret](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/howto-create-service-principal-portal#option-3-create-a-new-client-secret) for an Azure service principal that has access to read metrics data for the Azure Service Bus namespace.

Type: string

> [!NOTE]
> Certificates and federated credentials are not supported at this time.

### LicenseComponent/ASB/ManagementUrl

The Azure ManagementUrl URL.

Type: string

Default: https://management.azure.com

> This setting only needs to be configured if not using the public [Azure cloud environment](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.resourcemanager.armenvironment?view=azure-dotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting only needs to be configured if not using the public AzureCloud environment.  
For other environments:  
AzureGermanCloud - https://management.microsoftazure.de
AzureUSGovernment - https://management.usgovcloudapi.net
AzureChinaCloud - https://management.chinacloudapi.cn
```
